README.md, before:

# trailingwhitespace.vim
A trailing whitespace marking and removal plugin for Vim.

### Purpose
If you're like me and hate having useless trailing whitespace at the end of
your lines, this plugin will highlight it so that you can notice and remove it
as you edit. If you have a lot of trailing whitespace to remove, this plugin
also includes a function that will remove all the trailing whitespace from a
buffer. This function uses `sed` on Unix-based systems for better performance
on large files with lots of lines having trailing whitespace, but falls back to
Vimscript on other OS versions. The highlighting requires `syntax enable` in
your Vim configuration, which is coincidentally set or required to be set by
most plugin managers.

### Origin
This started out as a bit of [my own Vim config][my Vim config], but then it
finally occurred to me that I could spin this particular bit of functionality
off into its own plugin so that other people could use it. There's probably a
lot of this kind of plugin out there, but mine is very simple and it endeavors
to include the minimum amount of functionality necessary to do the two things
that it does.

### Installation
Install `brovie96/trailingwhitespace.vim` in your favorite plugin manager (I
personally use [vim-plug][vim-plug]). If you want to use the trailing
whitespace removal function, add a line in your Vim config to `nnoremap` a call
to `trailingwhitespace#ClearTrailingWhitespace()` to your preferred key
sequence (I use `<leader>w`).

[my Vim config]: https://github.com/brovie96/vimrc/
[vim-plug]: https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug/

Commit message:

Emphasize that the Vimscript version isn't that much slower in typical use cases

README.md, after:

# trailingwhitespace.vim
A trailing whitespace marking and removal plugin for Vim.

### Purpose
If you're like me and hate having useless trailing whitespace at the end of
your lines, this plugin will highlight it so that you can notice and remove it
as you edit. If you have a lot of trailing whitespace to remove, this plugin
also includes a function that will remove all the trailing whitespace from a
buffer. This function uses `sed` on Unix-based systems for better performance
on large files with many thousands of lines having trailing whitespace, but
falls back to a Vimscript implementation (which is only slightly slower than
the version using `sed` in most typical use cases) on other OS versions. The
highlighting requires `syntax enable` in your Vim configuration, which is
coincidentally set or required to be set by most plugin managers.

### Origin
This started out as a bit of [my own Vim config][my Vim config], but then it
finally occurred to me that I could spin this particular bit of functionality
off into its own plugin so that other people could use it. There's probably a
lot of this kind of plugin out there, but mine is very simple and it endeavors
to include the minimum amount of functionality necessary to do the two things
that it does.

### Installation
Install `brovie96/trailingwhitespace.vim` in your favorite plugin manager (I
personally use [vim-plug][vim-plug]). If you want to use the trailing
whitespace removal function, add a line in your Vim config to `nnoremap` a call
to `trailingwhitespace#ClearTrailingWhitespace()` to your preferred key
sequence (I use `<leader>w`).

[my Vim config]: https://github.com/brovie96/vimrc/
[vim-plug]: https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug/
